example_directives_delete.rst, before:

.. include:: cyverse_rst_defined_substitutions.txt

|CyVerse logo|_

|Home_Icon|_
`Learning Center Home <http://learning.cyverse.org/>`_


STYLE TIPS - DELETE THIS PAGE BEFORE PUBLISHING
--------------------------------------------------

    .. tip::

         Check the code (.rst) source to see how these examples are written
         in restructured text.


.. #### Comment: short description

Many of the examples Writing your documentation using sample data
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Where possible, you want write documentation instructions to be general enough
for users can follow along with their own data. To help do this, you can use
the **sample data admonition** to intersperse sample data-specific instructions
into your generic instructions.

To do this, start your documentation with a description and where possible,
a citation of the data:

     .. admonition:: Sample data

      **How to use provided sample data**

      In this guide, we will use an RNA-Seq dataset (*"Zika infected hNPCs"*).
      This experiment compared human neuroprogenetor cells (hNPCs)
      infected with the Zika virus to non-infected hNPCs. You can read more
      about the experimental conditions and methods
      `here <https://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0175744>`_.
      Where appropriate, a note (in this orange colored background) in the
      instructions will indicate which options to select to make use of this
      provided dataset.

      **Sample data citation**: Yi L, Pimentel H, Pachter L (2017) Zika
      infection of neural progenitor cells perturbs transcription in
      neurodevelopmental pathways. PLOS ONE 12(4):
      e0175744. `10.1371/journal.pone.0175744 <https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0175744>`_

Then, as you have instructions, intersperse the sample data .. admonition


    1. First, enter the cutoff value for your dataset

        .. admonition:: Sample data

          *"Zika infected hNPCs"* dataset:

          Enter **30**

    2. Continue with next step...


Using in-line questions with tips
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sometimes you may want to ask in-line questions.

    .. admonition:: Question
       :class: admonition-question

       How do you get to Carnegie Hall?

       .. admonition:: Answer

          *Practice, practice, practice*

You can hide long sections of text...

.. admonition:: Expand to read more

    **Open a connection to a public folder**

      1. Open CyberDuck
      2. If the browser is not already open, select File - New Browser
      3. Create a new connection by clicking on the + in the lower right
    	   (next to the pencil and minus sign)
      4. In the top dropdown menu, select iPlant Data Store
      5. In the dialog box, name your connection something relevant, like the name
    	   of the folder you want to browse to
      6. Enter your user name in the appropriate field. If you are connecting to
    	   public folder, you can also enter anonymous in this field
      7. In the Path field, enter /iplant/home/shared, or some subdirectory.
      8. Close the dialog window. Now, in your list of connections, you should see
    	   a new connection with the name you chose. Click on that, and you should go
    		 directly to the public folder.




Other admonitions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

There are several admonitions you can use, but tip and warning are the most
common for our documentation.

    .. admonition:: learning-objectives

       - Objective 1
       - Objective 2
       - Objective 3

    .. tip::
         If you don't see a desired species/genome `contact us <https://dnasubway.cyverse.org/feedback.html>`_ to have it added

    .. warning::
     When naming your samples and conditions, avoid spaces and special characters
     (e.g. !#$%^&/, etc.). Also be sure to be consistent with spelling.


Buttons and keyboard combinations
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Where it adds clarity you can use this text to add buttons:

  1. Click :guilabel:`&Cancel` to continue

  2. Press :guilabel:`&Control` + :guilabel:`&P` to print your result


URLs/Links
~~~~~~~~~~~

Have hyperlinks open in a new tab to avoid pushing the reader off the documentation
page. Always use substitutions. Best practice is to define your substitutions in
the **cyverse_rst_defined_substitutions.txt** file in this repo for easy future
updating.

Bad link ...

`bad google <https://www.google.com/>`_


Good link ...

|google|

.. |google| raw:: html

   <a href="https://www.google.com/" target="blank">Google</a>

Even better link (because it is defined in a separate file)

|CyVerse User Portal|


Images
~~~~~~~

Images should only be used when necessary.

Choose an image size that works for your page:

 |Too big kitten|

.. |Too big kitten| image:: ./img/kitten_no_border.png

Better size:

 |Right-size kitten|

.. |Right-size kitten| image:: ./img/kitten_no_border.png
    :width: 400
    :height: 350

Images should have a 1px black border:

 |Right-size kitten w border|

.. |Right-size kitten w border| image:: ./img/kitten_w_border.png
    :width: 400
    :height: 350


.. Comment: Place Images Below This Line
   use :width: to give a desired width for your image
   use :height: to give a desired height for your image
   replace the image name/location and URL if hyperlinked


 .. |Clickable hyperlinked image| image:: ./img/IMAGENAME.png
    :width: 500
    :height: 100
 .. _CyVerse logo: http://learning.cyverse.org/

 .. |Static image| image:: ./img/IMAGENAME.png
    :width: 25
    :height: 25



.. Comment: Place URLS Below This Line

   # Use this example to ensure that links open in new tabs, avoiding
   # forcing users to leave the document, and making it easy to update links
   # In a single place in this document

   .. |Substitution| raw:: html # Place this anywhere in the text you want a hyperlink

      <a href="REPLACE_THIS_WITH_URL" target="blank">Replace_with_text</a>


.. |Github Repo Link|  raw:: html

   <a href="FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX" target="blank">Github Repo Link</a>

Commit message:

add js to launch links in new tab, add power by cyverse button

example_directives_delete.rst, after:

.. include:: cyverse_rst_defined_substitutions.txt

|CyVerse logo|_

|Home_Icon|_
`Learning Center Home <http://learning.cyverse.org/>`_


STYLE TIPS - DELETE THIS PAGE BEFORE PUBLISHING
--------------------------------------------------

    .. tip::

         Check the code (.rst) source to see how these examples are written
         in restructured text.


.. #### Comment: short description

Many of the examples Writing your documentation using sample data
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Where possible, you want write documentation instructions to be general enough
for users can follow along with their own data. To help do this, you can use
the **sample data admonition** to intersperse sample data-specific instructions
into your generic instructions.

To do this, start your documentation with a description and where possible,
a citation of the data:

     .. admonition:: Sample data

      **How to use provided sample data**

      In this guide, we will use an RNA-Seq dataset (*"Zika infected hNPCs"*).
      This experiment compared human neuroprogenetor cells (hNPCs)
      infected with the Zika virus to non-infected hNPCs. You can read more
      about the experimental conditions and methods
      `here <https://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0175744>`_.
      Where appropriate, a note (in this orange colored background) in the
      instructions will indicate which options to select to make use of this
      provided dataset.

      **Sample data citation**: Yi L, Pimentel H, Pachter L (2017) Zika
      infection of neural progenitor cells perturbs transcription in
      neurodevelopmental pathways. PLOS ONE 12(4):
      e0175744. `10.1371/journal.pone.0175744 <https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0175744>`_

Then, as you have instructions, intersperse the sample data .. admonition


    1. First, enter the cutoff value for your dataset

        .. admonition:: Sample data

          *"Zika infected hNPCs"* dataset:

          Enter **30**

    2. Continue with next step...


Using in-line questions with tips
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sometimes you may want to ask in-line questions.

    .. admonition:: Question
       :class: admonition-question

       How do you get to Carnegie Hall?

       .. admonition:: Answer

          *Practice, practice, practice*

You can hide long sections of text...

.. admonition:: Expand to read more

    **Open a connection to a public folder**

      1. Open CyberDuck
      2. If the browser is not already open, select File - New Browser
      3. Create a new connection by clicking on the + in the lower right
    	   (next to the pencil and minus sign)
      4. In the top dropdown menu, select iPlant Data Store
      5. In the dialog box, name your connection something relevant, like the name
    	   of the folder you want to browse to
      6. Enter your user name in the appropriate field. If you are connecting to
    	   public folder, you can also enter anonymous in this field
      7. In the Path field, enter /iplant/home/shared, or some subdirectory.
      8. Close the dialog window. Now, in your list of connections, you should see
    	   a new connection with the name you chose. Click on that, and you should go
    		 directly to the public folder.




Other admonitions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

There are several admonitions you can use, but tip and warning are the most
common for our documentation.

    .. admonition:: learning-objectives

       - Objective 1
       - Objective 2
       - Objective 3

    .. tip::
         If you don't see a desired species/genome `contact us <https://dnasubway.cyverse.org/feedback.html>`_ to have it added

    .. warning::
     When naming your samples and conditions, avoid spaces and special characters
     (e.g. !#$%^&/, etc.). Also be sure to be consistent with spelling.


Buttons and keyboard combinations
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Where it adds clarity you can use this text to add buttons:

  1. Click :guilabel:`&Cancel` to continue

  2. Press :guilabel:`&Control` + :guilabel:`&P` to print your result

  3. Fix the |CyVerse_launch| link in `custom_url.txt` to use this button
     to lauch a quicklaunch link in the DE (the embed HTML the DE generates may
     not render properly in RTD)

URLs/Links
~~~~~~~~~~~

Have hyperlinks open in a new tab to avoid pushing the reader off the documentation
page. Always use substitutions. Best practice is to define your substitutions in
the **cyverse_rst_defined_substitutions.txt** file in this repo for easy future
updating.

Bad link ...

`bad google <https://www.google.com/>`_


Good link ...

|google|

.. |google| raw:: html

   <a href="https://www.google.com/" target="blank">Google</a>

Even better link (because it is defined in a separate file)

|CyVerse User Portal|


Images
~~~~~~~

Images should only be used when necessary.

Choose an image size that works for your page:

 |Too big kitten|

.. |Too big kitten| image:: ./img/kitten_no_border.png

Better size:

 |Right-size kitten|

.. |Right-size kitten| image:: ./img/kitten_no_border.png
    :width: 400
    :height: 350

Images should have a 1px black border:

 |Right-size kitten w border|

.. |Right-size kitten w border| image:: ./img/kitten_w_border.png
    :width: 400
    :height: 350


.. Comment: Place Images Below This Line
   use :width: to give a desired width for your image
   use :height: to give a desired height for your image
   replace the image name/location and URL if hyperlinked


 .. |Clickable hyperlinked image| image:: ./img/IMAGENAME.png
    :width: 500
    :height: 100
 .. _CyVerse logo: http://learning.cyverse.org/

 .. |Static image| image:: ./img/IMAGENAME.png
    :width: 25
    :height: 25



.. Comment: Place URLS Below This Line

   # Use this example to ensure that links open in new tabs, avoiding
   # forcing users to leave the document, and making it easy to update links
   # In a single place in this document

   .. |Substitution| raw:: html # Place this anywhere in the text you want a hyperlink

      <a href="REPLACE_THIS_WITH_URL" target="blank">Replace_with_text</a>


.. |Github Repo Link|  raw:: html

   <a href="FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX" target="blank">Github Repo Link</a>
