index.rst, before:

.. include:: cyverse_rst_defined_substitutions.txt
.. include:: custom_urls.txt

|CyVerse_logo|_

|Home_Icon|_
`Learning Center Home <http://learning.cyverse.org/>`_

**TUTORIAL NAME**
=================

..
    #### Comment: Use short, imperative titles e.g. Upload and share data, uploading and
    sharing data ####

Goal
----

..
    #### Comment: Avoid covering upstream and downstream steps that are not explicitly and
    necessarily part of the tutorial - write or link to separate quick
    starts/tutorials for those parts ####

----

Tutorial Maintainer(s)
------------------------

Who to contact if this guide needs fixing. You can also email
`learning@CyVerse.org <learning@CyVerse.org>`_

.. list-table::
    :header-rows: 1

    * - Maintainer
      - Institution
      - Contact
    * - Your Name
      - CyVerse / UA
      - Yourname@email.com
----

.. toctree::
	:maxdepth: 2

	Tutorial home <self>
	Step One <step1.rst>
	Delete this example guide page <example_directives_delete.rst>
..
	#### Comment:This tutorial can have multiple pages. The table of contents assumes
	you have an additional page called 'Step One' with content located in 'step1.rst'
	Edit these titles and filenames as needed ####


Prerequisites
-------------

Downloads, access, and services
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

*In order to complete this tutorial you will need access to the following services/software*

..
	#### comment: delete any row not needed in this table ####

.. list-table::
    :header-rows: 1

    * - Prerequisite
      - Preparation/Notes
      - Link/Download
    * - CyVerse account
      - You will need a CyVerse account to complete this exercise
      - |CyVerse User Portal|
    * - Atmosphere access
      - You must have access to Atmosphere
      - |CyVerse User Portal|
    * - Cyberduck
      - Standalone software for upload/download to Data Store
      - |Download Cyberduck|

Platform(s)
~~~~~~~~~~~

*We will use the following CyVerse platform(s):*

 ..
   #### comment: delete any row not needed in this table ####

.. list-table::
    :header-rows: 1

    * - Platform
      - Interface
      - Link
      - Platform Tour
    * - Data Store
      - GUI/Command line
      - |Data Store|
      - |Data Store Guide|
    * - Discovery Environment
      - Web/Point-and-click
      - |Discovery Environment|
      - |Discovery Environment Guide|
    * - Atmosphere
      - Command line (ssh) and/or Desktop (VNC)
      - |Atmosphere|
      - |Atmosphere Guide|
    * - BisQue
      - Web/Point-and-click and/or Command-line (API)
      - |BisQue|
      - |BisQue Manual|
      - (See Manual)
    * - DNA Subway
      - Web/Point-and-click
      - |DNA Subway|
      - |DNA Subway Guide|
    * - SciApps
      - Command-line (API)
      - |SciApps|
      - |SciApps Guide|

Application(s) used
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
..
	#### Comment: these tables are examples, delete whatever is unnecessary ####

**Discovery Environment App(s):**

.. list-table::
    :header-rows: 1

    * - App name
      - Version
      - Description
      - App link
      - Notes/other links
    * - Muscle
      - 3.8.31
      - Multiple sequence aligner
      -	|CyVerse_launch|
      - |Original App Documentation|


**Atmosphere Image(s):**

.. list-table::
    :header-rows: 1

    * - Image name
      - Version
      - Description
      - Link
      - Notes/other links
    * - CyVerse CentOS 6.8 GUI Base
      - 1.0
      - base image CentOS 6.8 with GNOME GUI
      - |CyVerse_launch|
      -



Input and example data
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

*In order to complete this tutorial you will need to have the following inputs prepared*

..
	#### comment: delete any row not needed in this table ####

.. list-table::
    :header-rows: 1

    * - Input File(s)
      - Format
      - Preparation/Notes
      - Example Data
    * -
      -
      -
      -

----

**Fix or improve this documentation**

- Search for an answer:
  |CyVerse Learning Center|
- Ask us for help:
  click |Intercom| on the lower right-hand side of the page
- Report an issue or submit a change:
  |Github Repo Link|
- Send feedback: `learning@CyVerse.org <learning@CyVerse.org>`_

----

|Home_Icon|_
`Learning Center Home <http://learning.cyverse.org/>`__


.. Comment: Place Images Below This Line
   use :width: to give a desired width for your image
   use :height: to give a desired height for your image
   replace the image name/location and URL if hyperlinked


 .. |Clickable hyperlinked image| image:: ./img/IMAGENAME.png
    :width: 500
    :height: 100
 .. _CyVerse logo: http://learning.cyverse.org/

 .. |Static image| image:: ./img/IMAGENAME.png
    :width: 25
    :height: 25



.. Comment: Place URLS Below This Line

   # Use this example to ensure that links open in new tabs, avoiding
   # forcing users to leave the document, and making it easy to update links
   # In a single place in this document

   .. |Substitution| raw:: html # Place this anywhere in the text you want a hyperlink

      <a href="REPLACE_THIS_WITH_URL" target="blank">Replace_with_text</a>


.. |Github Repo Link|  raw:: html

   <a href="FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX" target="blank">Github Repo Link</a>

.. |Download Cyberduck| raw:: html

   <a href="https://cyberduck.io/" target="blank">Download Cyberduck</a>

.. |Original App Documentation|  raw:: html

   <a href="http://www.drive5.com/muscle/manual/" target="blank">Original App Documentation</a>

Commit message:

add suggested citation comment to index

index.rst, after:

.. include:: cyverse_rst_defined_substitutions.txt
.. include:: custom_urls.txt

|CyVerse_logo|_

|Home_Icon|_
`Learning Center Home <http://learning.cyverse.org/>`_

**TUTORIAL NAME**
=================

..
    #### Comment: Use short, imperative titles e.g. Upload and share data, uploading and
    sharing data ####

Goal
----

..
    #### Comment: Avoid covering upstream and downstream steps that are not explicitly and
    necessarily part of the tutorial - write or link to separate quick
    starts/tutorials for those parts ####

----

Tutorial Maintainer(s)
------------------------

Who to contact if this guide needs fixing. You can also email
`learning@CyVerse.org <learning@CyVerse.org>`_

.. list-table::
    :header-rows: 1

    * - Maintainer
      - Institution
      - Contact
    * - Your Name
      - CyVerse / UA
      - Yourname@email.com
----

.. toctree::
	:maxdepth: 2

	Tutorial home <self>
	Step One <step1.rst>
	Delete this example guide page <example_directives_delete.rst>
..
	#### Comment:This tutorial can have multiple pages. The table of contents assumes
	you have an additional page called 'Step One' with content located in 'step1.rst'
	Edit these titles and filenames as needed ####


Prerequisites
-------------

Downloads, access, and services
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

*In order to complete this tutorial you will need access to the following services/software*

..
	#### comment: delete any row not needed in this table ####

.. list-table::
    :header-rows: 1

    * - Prerequisite
      - Preparation/Notes
      - Link/Download
    * - CyVerse account
      - You will need a CyVerse account to complete this exercise
      - |CyVerse User Portal|
    * - Atmosphere access
      - You must have access to Atmosphere
      - |CyVerse User Portal|
    * - Cyberduck
      - Standalone software for upload/download to Data Store
      - |Download Cyberduck|

Platform(s)
~~~~~~~~~~~

*We will use the following CyVerse platform(s):*

 ..
   #### comment: delete any row not needed in this table ####

.. list-table::
    :header-rows: 1

    * - Platform
      - Interface
      - Link
      - Platform Tour
    * - Data Store
      - GUI/Command line
      - |Data Store|
      - |Data Store Guide|
    * - Discovery Environment
      - Web/Point-and-click
      - |Discovery Environment|
      - |Discovery Environment Guide|
    * - Atmosphere
      - Command line (ssh) and/or Desktop (VNC)
      - |Atmosphere|
      - |Atmosphere Guide|
    * - BisQue
      - Web/Point-and-click and/or Command-line (API)
      - |BisQue|
      - |BisQue Manual|
      - (See Manual)
    * - DNA Subway
      - Web/Point-and-click
      - |DNA Subway|
      - |DNA Subway Guide|
    * - SciApps
      - Command-line (API)
      - |SciApps|
      - |SciApps Guide|

Application(s) used
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
..
	#### Comment: these tables are examples, delete whatever is unnecessary ####

**Discovery Environment App(s):**

.. list-table::
    :header-rows: 1

    * - App name
      - Version
      - Description
      - App link
      - Notes/other links
    * - Muscle
      - 3.8.31
      - Multiple sequence aligner
      -	|CyVerse_launch|
      - |Original App Documentation|


**Atmosphere Image(s):**

.. list-table::
    :header-rows: 1

    * - Image name
      - Version
      - Description
      - Link
      - Notes/other links
    * - CyVerse CentOS 6.8 GUI Base
      - 1.0
      - base image CentOS 6.8 with GNOME GUI
      - |CyVerse_launch|
      -



Input and example data
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

*In order to complete this tutorial you will need to have the following inputs prepared*

..
	#### comment: delete any row not needed in this table ####

.. list-table::
    :header-rows: 1

    * - Input File(s)
      - Format
      - Preparation/Notes
      - Example Data
    * -
      -
      -
      -

----

**Fix or improve this documentation**

- Search for an answer:
  |CyVerse Learning Center|
- Ask us for help:
  click |Intercom| on the lower right-hand side of the page
- Report an issue or submit a change:
  |Github Repo Link|
- Send feedback: `learning@CyVerse.org <learning@CyVerse.org>`_

.. comment:

   Uncomment the below and fix with this repo's information if citing

   **Citation**

   You may cite this work as:
   [Repository Title]
   [Author(s)]
   [Repository Release Version]
   [DOI: Zenodo DOI link (generated from Github Release/Zenodo)]
----

|Home_Icon|_
`Learning Center Home <http://learning.cyverse.org/>`__


.. Comment: Place Images Below This Line
   use :width: to give a desired width for your image
   use :height: to give a desired height for your image
   replace the image name/location and URL if hyperlinked


 .. |Clickable hyperlinked image| image:: ./img/IMAGENAME.png
    :width: 500
    :height: 100
 .. _CyVerse logo: http://learning.cyverse.org/

 .. |Static image| image:: ./img/IMAGENAME.png
    :width: 25
    :height: 25



.. Comment: Place URLS Below This Line

   # Use this example to ensure that links open in new tabs, avoiding
   # forcing users to leave the document, and making it easy to update links
   # In a single place in this document

   .. |Substitution| raw:: html # Place this anywhere in the text you want a hyperlink

      <a href="REPLACE_THIS_WITH_URL" target="blank">Replace_with_text</a>


.. |Github Repo Link|  raw:: html

   <a href="FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX" target="blank">Github Repo Link</a>

.. |Download Cyberduck| raw:: html

   <a href="https://cyberduck.io/" target="blank">Download Cyberduck</a>

.. |Original App Documentation|  raw:: html

   <a href="http://www.drive5.com/muscle/manual/" target="blank">Original App Documentation</a>
