step1.rst, before:

.. include:: cyverse_rst_defined_substitutions.txt

|CyVerse logo|_

|Home_Icon|_
`Learning Center Home <http://learning.cyverse.org/>`_


Section Name
-------------

**Description:**

..
	#### Comment: short text description goes here ####

----

**Input Data:**

.. list-table::
    :header-rows: 1

    * - Input
      - Description
      - Example
    * -
      -
      -

*Descriptive Steps*
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. 	#### Comment: Step title should be descriptive (i.e. Cleaning Read data) ###


1.

2.

3.



..
	#### Comment: Suggested style guide:
	1. Steps begin with a verb or preposition: Click on... OR Under the "Results Menu"
	2. Locations of files listed parenthetically, separated by carets, ultimate object in bold
	(Username > analyses > *output*)
	3. Buttons and/or keywords in bold: Click on **Apps** OR select **Arabidopsis**
	4. Primary menu titles in double quotes: Under "Input" choose...
	5. Secondary menu titles or headers in single quotes: For the 'Select Input' option choose...
	####

**Output/Results**

.. list-table::
    :header-rows: 1

    * - Output
      - Description
      - Example
    * -
      -
      -


----

**Description of output and results**


----

**Fix or improve this documentation**

Search for an answer:
|CyVerse Learning Center| or
|CyVerse Wiki|

----

|Home_Icon|_
`Learning Center Home <http://learning.cyverse.org/>`_

.. Comment: Place Images Below This Line
   use :width: to give a desired width for your image
   use :height: to give a desired height for your image
   replace the image name/location and URL if hyperlinked


 .. |Clickable hyperlinked image| image:: ./img/IMAGENAME.png
    :width: 500
    :height: 100
 .. _CyVerse logo: http://learning.cyverse.org/

 .. |Static image| image:: ./img/IMAGENAME.png
    :width: 25
    :height: 25



.. Comment: Place URLS Below This Line

   # Use this example to ensure that links open in new tabs, avoiding
   # forcing users to leave the document, and making it easy to update links
   # In a single place in this document

   .. |Substitution| raw:: html # Place this anywhere in the text you want a hyperlink

      <a href="REPLACE_THIS_WITH_URL" target="blank">Replace_with_text</a>


.. |Github Repo Link|  raw:: html

   <a href="FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX" target="blank">Github Repo Link</a>

Commit message:

fix custom urls and app launch buttons

step1.rst, after:

.. include:: cyverse_rst_defined_substitutions.txt
.. include:: custom_urls.txt

|CyVerse logo|_

|Home_Icon|_
`Learning Center Home <http://learning.cyverse.org/>`_


Section Name
-------------

**Description:**

..
	#### Comment: short text description goes here ####

----

**Input Data:**

.. list-table::
    :header-rows: 1

    * - Input
      - Description
      - Example
    * -
      -
      -

*Descriptive Steps*
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. 	#### Comment: Step title should be descriptive (i.e. Cleaning Read data) ###


1. Replace the text below with your own

2. Use the image src in this link to link to

   - A DE App: |CyVerse_launch|
   - An Atmosphere image: |CyVerse_launch|

3. Click :guilabel:`&Cancel` to continue is how you can show a button

4. Tell the user to choose an appropriate value for a setting

   .. admonition:: sample-data

     Tell them if they are following with our sample data exactly
     what value to choose


..
	#### Comment: Suggested style guide:
	1. Steps begin with a verb or preposition: Click on... OR Under the "Results Menu"
	2. Locations of files listed parenthetically, separated by carets, ultimate object in bold
	(Username > analyses > *output*)
	3. Buttons and/or keywords in bold: Click on **Apps** OR select **Arabidopsis**
	4. Primary menu titles in double quotes: Under "Input" choose...
	5. Secondary menu titles or headers in single quotes: For the 'Select Input' option choose...
	####

**Output/Results**

.. list-table::
    :header-rows: 1

    * - Output
      - Description
      - Example
    * -
      -
      -


----

**Description of output and results**


----

**Fix or improve this documentation**

Search for an answer:
|CyVerse Learning Center| or
|CyVerse Wiki|

----

|Home_Icon|_
`Learning Center Home <http://learning.cyverse.org/>`_

.. Comment: Place Images Below This Line
   use :width: to give a desired width for your image
   use :height: to give a desired height for your image
   replace the image name/location and URL if hyperlinked


 .. |Clickable hyperlinked image| image:: ./img/IMAGENAME.png
    :width: 500
    :height: 100
 .. _CyVerse logo: http://learning.cyverse.org/

 .. |Static image| image:: ./img/IMAGENAME.png
    :width: 25
    :height: 25



.. Comment: Place URLS Below This Line

   # Use this example to ensure that links open in new tabs, avoiding
   # forcing users to leave the document, and making it easy to update links
   # In a single place in this document

   .. |Substitution| raw:: html # Place this anywhere in the text you want a hyperlink

      <a href="REPLACE_THIS_WITH_URL" target="blank">Replace_with_text</a>


.. |Github Repo Link|  raw:: html

   <a href="FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX_FIX" target="blank">Github Repo Link</a>
